well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're going to talk
about nothing in the news I got a
message and it is more pressing than
anything in the news I want to get this
video out before one of the people
involved in the story is out of jail so
before I get into this I want to say
nothing I'm about to say is an
indictment of somebody involved in this
story it's it's social conditioning and
we've been trained to think about this
situation in one way especially as men
in America it's it's not the best way to
think about it's not even close to the
best way to think about it but this is
this is something we need to talk about
so the message is the story is there's a
husband and wife the husband has a
substance abuse issue came home beat up
the wife her brother sent the message
the husband is currently in jail okay
the question was basically should I put
boots on this guy when he gets out
should I beat him up okay
the idea play here is that gender role
okay and we're not even gonna get into
that the mental protector thing will not
even get into that because it doesn't
matter in this situation right now in
the immediate the male protector the
problem is we've begun to associate
protection with violence that's not
necessarily the case and I know there
are people out there that think I'm a
pacifist of some sort I heard that the
other day that kind of surprised me I'm
not a pacifist i've just seen enough
violence to know that violence isn't
always the answer
violence begets violence professionally
executed violence ends violence that's
true i have to operate under the
assumptions you're not going to kill
this dude probably wouldn't be sending
messages over the internet about
and that's the right call it's probably
not necessary that's probably not the
route you want to go if you're not gonna
kill him and you're gonna use violence
what you gonna do Rock them up a little
bit right these guys have fragile little
egos that ego is gonna take a beating to
who's he gonna take it out on it's the
opposite of protection in this situation
if protection is the goal what's the
option get her out get her out that's
the goal
you know you've been socially
conditioned to use violence to solve
problems and this isn't just the person
that sent the message this is a lot of
people and you've been conditioned to do
this by other people who aren't in a ly
violent you're not a violent guy if you
were you wouldn't be asking you just
would have done it and it's not a bad
thing to not be violent that'sthat's a
good thing so the goal has to be to get
her out that's the goal and the same
type of social conditioning is going to
come into play and create resistance to
that because just as you've been trained
to use violence for everything a lot of
women have been trained but you got to
fix your man you need to stay and fix it
then you can have the fairy tale no
fairy tale has a black eye in it get out
get out then you have the social
conditioning that goes along with it as
far as stigmas gonna be a single mom so
better a single mom then your kids being
orphans this doesn't just end it doesn't
just stop get out the economic
considerations come into play you don't
want to deal with the stigma of being on
food stamps 40 million Americans are on
food stamps and nobody cares nobody that
matters
get out get out there are shelters there
are organizations that will help you and
they have so many more resources than
they did ten years ago just find one in
your area and use it get out now
I'm certain there's somebody in the
comment section that will say you know
why did this once and then I got better
you know I had a substance abuse problem
I had a psychological issue whatever
fine that's great you are the exception
to the rule
good for you but please keep in mind
that the person you were before that
psychological issue or that substance
abuse problem would have wanted her to
be safe and that requires getting out
this is one of those things everything
that society has has said and
conditioned people to believe is the
wrong thing any any obligation that you
feel you may have to your husband it
ends the second he knocks you out it's
over nothing you owe him nothing get out
just go there are organizations that
will help find one anyway it's just a
fault
y'all have a good night